feat: add pytest as regression manager for cocotb (#5090)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/pytest.rst

  control per test, class, module or session.
* listing all available cocotb tests and their relationship with :py:mod:`cocotb_tools.runner`.
* `marks`_ to easily set metadata on cocotb test functions.
* filtering cocotb tests with `pytest`_ ``-k '<expression>'`` and ``-m '<markers>'`` options.
* reporting all executed cocotb tests.
* parallel execution of cocotb runners by using the `pytest-xdist`_ plugin

Enabling the Plugin
===================

:py:mod:`cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin` can be enabled in various ways.

When using the `pyproject.toml`_ file (recommended way):

.. code:: toml

    [project.entry-points.pytest11]
    cocotb = "cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin"

When using the ``pytest.ini`` file:

.. code:: ini

    [pytest]
    addopts = -p cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin

When using the ``setup.cfg`` file:

.. code:: ini

    [options.entry_points]
    pytest11 =
      cocotb = cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin

When using the ``setup.py`` file:

.. code:: python

    from setuptools import setup

    setup(
        # ...,
        entry_points={
            "pytest11": [
                "cocotb = cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin",
            ],
        },
    )

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In a non-Python project
-----------------------

```

Building and Testing
====================

:py:class:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL` interfaces with the :ref:`Python runners <howto-python-runner>` to build designs and run simulations. The :class:`!Runner` is fully configurable by using ``--cocotb-*`` command line arguments,
configuration files like `pyproject.toml`_ or `fixture`_ arguments.

The plugin provides an ``hdl`` fixture that will create a new instance of :py:class:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL` that can be customized and then used in tests.

An example is provided below, located in a project ``conftest.py`` file:

.. code:: python

    import pytest
    from cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl import HDL

    @pytest.fixture(name="sample_module")
    def sample_module_fixture(hdl: HDL) -> HDL:
        """Define HDL design by adding HDL source files to it.

        Args:
            hdl: Fixture created by the cocotb pytest plugin, representing a HDL design.

        Returns:
            Representation of HDL design with added HDL source files.
        """
        hdl.sources = (
            # List HDL source files,
            "sample_module.sv",
        )

        return hdl

@pytest.mark.cocotb

> ===================

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:deco:`!pytest.mark.cocotb`
===========================
```

.. code:: ini

    [pytest]
    addopts = -p cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin

When using the ``setup.cfg`` file:

.. code:: ini

    [options.entry_points]
    pytest11 =
      cocotb = cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin

When using the ``setup.py`` file:

.. code:: python

    from setuptools import setup

    setup(
        # ...,
        entry_points={
            "pytest11": [
                "cocotb = cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin",
            ],
        },
    )

By defining the global variable ``pytest_plugins`` when using a ``conftest.py`` file
(which must be located in the root of the project):

.. code:: python

    pytest_plugins = ("cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin",)

By defining the ``PYTEST_PLUGINS`` environment variable:

.. code:: shell

    export PYTEST_PLUGINS="cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin"

By using the ``-p <plugin>`` option when invoking the `pytest`_ command line interface:

.. code:: shell

    pytest -p cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin ...

Building and Testing
====================

:py:class:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL` wraps :py:class:`cocotb_tools.runner.Runner`
allowing to fully configure the cocotb runner by using the command line arguments ``--cocotb-*``,

> configuration files like `pyproject.toml`_ or `fixture`_ arguments.

Author: @marlonjames Fixed in this commit https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/pull/5090/commits/b4547062a06ad1885e42ad4ec674088a94ba11df#diff-bd4d8933e350e852a08c94dbabe7a9971b86a7a5444b3cd500fa7919a6842828R10

Clicking on the `command line arguments` reference will jump to the `Options` section.

The plugin provides a ``hdl`` fixture that will create a new instance of :py:class:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL`
with the `pytest`_ built-in `request`_ fixture that is providing information of the requesting test function
including the current configuration of `pytest`_.

> Example content of a ``conftest.py`` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The plugin provides an ``hdl`` fixture that will create a new instance of :py:class:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL` that can be customized and then used in tests.

An example is provided below, located in a project ``conftest.py`` file:
```

        hdl.sources = (
            # List HDL source files,
            "sample_module.sv",
        )

        return hdl

Example content of the ``test_sample_module.py`` file:

.. code:: python

    import pytest
    from cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl import HDL

    # Without providing positional arguments to the cocotb decorator,
    # the plugin will use the current file as the cocotb testbench (a Python file with cocotb tests).
    # If the 'toplevel' option was not provided, it will be derived from the name of the first positional argument
    # but with a removed 'test_*' prefix or '*_test' suffix.
    @pytest.mark.cocotb  # equivalent to @pytest.mark.cocotb("test_dut", toplevel="dut")
    def test_sample_module(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Build HDL design and run HDL simulator to execute cocotb tests.

        Args:
            sample_module: An instance of a defined HDL design.
        """
        sample_module.test()

    # A @pytest.mark.cocotb or @cocotb.test decorator is not required if the test function
    # starts with a 'test_*' prefix, is a coroutine function (``async``) and has a ``dut`` argument.
    async def test_some_dut_feature(dut) -> None:

>         """cocotb test for DUT."""

Reviewer 2: I had several questions here that were answered below.
Remove this and either have nothing or a sentence explaining the examples below use this fixture.
```suggestion

```

        """Function that is picked up by pytest discovery does not need a decorator."""

    @pytest.mark.cocotb
    async def name_without_test_prefix(dut) -> None:
        """Function that is not picked up by pytest discovery needs a decorator to count as a test."""

Marker can also help plugin to identify and bind cocotb tests to cocotb runners. This is done by plugin
based on information from provided positional arguments supplied into
``@pytest.mark.cocotb`` decorator. This helps plugin to properly filter tests out
when using `pytest`_ ``-k '<expression>'`` or ``-m '<markers>'`` options.

List tree hierarchy of cocotb tests related to cocotb runners and cocotb testbenches:

.. code:: shell

   pytest --collect-only

Example output::

    <Dir tests>
      <Module test_sample_module.py>
        <Runner test_sample_module>
          <Testbench test_sample_module>
            <Function test_dut_feature_1>
            <Function test_dut_feature_2>

Run specific test(s) based on output from ``pytest --collect-only``:

.. code:: shell

   pytest -k 'test_sample_module and test_dut_feature_2'

Fixtures
========

Usage:

* Automatically generate clock for all tests

> * Automatically set up (reset, configure) and tear down DUT per each test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``pytest`` fixtures can provide useful test functionality, and can use the fixtures provided by the cocotb plugin.

Some examples include:

* Automatically generate a clock.
* Automatically set up (reset, configure) and tear down DUT per each test
```

**************
Pytest Support
**************

:py:mod:`cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin` provides full `pytest`_ integration with cocotb. Including:

> * `fixture`_ to cleanly setup and teardown cocotb tests and designs under test.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `fixture`_ to cleanly set up and tear down cocotb tests and designs under test.
```

* `plugins`_ that can extend cocotb testing capabilities.
* `configuration`_ facilities to configure cocotb testing environment using command line arguments
  ``--cocotb-*``, configuration files like `pyproject.toml`_ or `fixture`_ arguments for fine
  control per test, class, module or session.
* listing all available cocotb tests and their relationship with :py:mod:`cocotb_tools.runner`.
* `marks`_ to easily set metadata on cocotb test functions.
* filtering cocotb tests with `pytest`_ ``-k '<expression>'`` and ``-m '<markers>'`` options.
* reporting all executed cocotb tests.

> * parallel execution of cococtb runners by using `pytest-xdist`_ plugin

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* parallel execution of cocotb runners by using the `pytest-xdist`_ plugin
```

Enabling Plugin
===============

:py:mod:`cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin` can be enabled in various ways.

> When using `pyproject.toml`_ file (recommended way):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using the `pyproject.toml`_ file (recommended way):
```

.. code:: toml

>    [project.entry-points.pytest11]

Reviewer 3: While the indentation for rST is 3 chars, code should still be indented with 4 chars (https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/#use-of-whitespace).

   cocotb = "cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin"

> When using ``pytest.ini`` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using the ``pytest.ini`` file:
```

.. code:: ini

   [pytest]
   addopts = -p cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin

When using ``setup.cfg`` file:

.. code:: ini

   [options.entry_points]
   pytest11 =
     cocotb = cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin

When using ``setup.py`` file:

.. code:: python

   from setuptools import setup

   setup(
       # ...,
       entry_points={
           "pytest11": [
               "cocotb = cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin",
           ],
       },
   )

By defining the global variable ``pytest_plugins`` when using ``conftest.py`` file
(it must be located in the root of the project):

.. code:: python

   pytest_plugins = ("cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin",)

By defining the ``PYTEST_PLUGINS`` environment variable:

.. code:: shell

   export PYTEST_PLUGINS="cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin"

> By using ``-p <plugin>`` option when invoking `pytest`_ command line interface:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By using the ``-p <plugin>`` option when invoking the `pytest`_ command line interface:
```

.. code:: shell

   pytest -p cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin ...

Building and Testing
====================

:py:class:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL` wraps :py:class:`cocotb_tools.runner.Runner`
allowing to fully configure cocotb runner by using command line arguments ``--cocotb-*``,
configuration files like `pyproject.toml`_ or `fixture`_ arguments.

> Plugin includes own ``hdl`` fixture that will create new instance of :py:class:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The plugin provides a ``hdl`` fixture that will create a new instance of :py:class:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL`
```

with `pytest`_ built-in `request`_ fixture that is providing information of the requesting test function
including current configuration of `pytest`_.

Example content of ``conftest.py`` file:

.. code:: python

   import pytest
   from cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl import HDL

   @pytest.fixture(name="sample_module")
   def sample_module_fixture(hdl: HDL) -> HDL:
       """Define HDL design by adding HDL source files to it.

       Args:
           hdl: Fixture created by cocotb plugin, representing HDL design.

       Returns:
           Representation of HDL design with added HDL source files.
       """
       hdl.sources = (
           # List HDL source files,
           "sample_module.sv",
       )

       return hdl

> Example content of ``test_sample_module.py`` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Example content of the ``test_sample_module.py`` file:
```

.. code:: python

   import pytest
   from cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl import HDL

   # Without providing positional arguments or test_module option to cocotb decorator,
   # plugin will use current file as cocotb testbench (Python file with cocotb tests).
   # If toplevel option was not provided, it will be based on name of first test_module

>    # but with removed test_* prefix or *_test suffix.

Reviewer: Maybe this should be a separate paragraph? Let the examples be examples: short and self-explanatory *executable* code as possible.

   @pytest.mark.cocotb  # equivalent to @pytest.mark.cocotb("test_dut", toplevel="dut")
   def test_sample_module(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
       """Build HDL design and run HDL simulator to execute cocotb tests.

       Args:
           sample_module: Instance of defined HDL design.
       """
       sample_module.test()

   # @pytest.mark.cocotb or @cocotb.test decorator is not required if test function

>    # starts with test_* prefix, is coroutine function (``async``) and with ``dut`` argument.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   # A @pytest.mark.cocotb or @cocotb.test decorator is not required if the test function
   # starts with a 'test_*' prefix, is a coroutine function (``async``) and has a ``dut`` argument.
```

   async def test_some_dut_feature(dut) -> None:

>         """Cocotb test for DUT."""

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        """cocotb test for DUT."""
```

@pytest.mark.cocotb
===================

Provided ``@pytest.mark.cocotb`` marker by :py:mod:`cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin` allows
to configure all aspects of cocotb test and cocotb runner. Marker recognizes all

> named arguments from :py:func:`cocotb.test` and :py:class:`cocotb_tools.runner.Runner`.

Reviewer: Line breaks usually occur on sentence or phrase boundaries.
```suggestion
Provided ``@pytest.mark.cocotb`` marker by :py:mod:`cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin` allows to configure all aspects of cocotb test and cocotb runner.
Marker recognizes all named arguments from :py:func:`cocotb.test` and :py:class:`cocotb_tools.runner.Runner`.
```

Reviewer: Finally I am *not* a fan of this thing supporting the features of `@cocotb.test`. Most of it's features are better implemented using pytest. Let's remove those.

plugin will load current Python module where ``@pytest.mark.cocotb`` was used as cocotb testbench (Python file with
cocotb tests).

If ``toplevel`` argument is empty/non-set, plugin will use name of first test module but without
``test_*`` prefix or ``*_test`` suffix. For example, if test module was ``test_dut`` then
name of HDL top level design will be ``dut``.

Using ``@pytest.mark.cocotb`` marker to mark test function as cocotb test is optional
for test functions that are starting with ``test_*`` prefix name, are coroutine functions (``async def``) and
with ``dut`` argument. Normal functions (non-coroutines) with ``@pytest.mark.cocotb`` marker are
marked as cocotb runner that should run HDL simulator by invoking
:py:func:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL.test`, :py:func:`cocotb_tools.runner.Runner.test` or similar method.

Marker can also help plugin to identify and bind cocotb tests to cocotb runners. This is done by plugin
based on information from provided positional arguments (or cocotb ``test_module`` argument) supplied into
``@pytest.mark.cocotb`` decorator. This helps plugin to properly filter tests out

> when using `pytest`_ ``-k '<expression>'`` or ``-m '<markers>'`` options.

Reviewer: There's a lot of explaining before we get into an example, is it possible to add another example here?

Reviewer 3: (I skipped reviewing this part for now)

Author: @ktbarrett Added more examples in this commit 40241d0e7961e9ca4c1b33d95886a381dcb37011

.. code:: python

   import pytest
   from cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl import HDL

   @pytest.mark.cocotb  # needed by cocotb runners
   def hdl_runner(hdl: HDL) -> None:
       """Build HDL design and run HDL simulator that will execute cocotb tests."""
       hdl.test()

   async def test_something(dut) -> None:
       """Test DUT with standard name for test function defined by pytest."""

   @pytest.mark.cocotb  # needed by cocotb tests using non-standard names
   async def name_without_test_prefix(dut) -> None:
       """Test DUT with non-standard name for test function."""

Configuration
=============

Thanks to :py:mod:`cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin`, cocotb can be configured in many ways.

Precedence order of configuring cocotb from the highest to the lowest priority:

> 1. :py:func:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL` attributes set at fixutre or test function level

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. :py:func:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL` attributes set at fixture or test function level
```

.. code:: shell

   pytest --co -v

To list only cocotb tests and cocotb runners, use the ``-k cocotb`` option:

.. code:: shell

   pytest --co -k cocotb

To list only cocotb tests without cocotb runners, use the ``-k 'cocotb and not runner'`` option:

.. code:: shell

   pytest --co -k 'cocotb and not runner'

To list only cocotb runners without cocotb tests, use the ``-k 'cocotb and runner'`` option:

.. code:: shell

   pytest --co -k 'cocotb and runner'

To list only cocotb tests that will be run by specific cocotb runner, add name of cocotb runner test function:

.. code:: shell

   pytest --co -k 'cocotb and not runner and <name-of-cocotb-runner-test-function>'

To list which cocotb runners will run specific cocotb test(s), add name of cocotb test function:

.. code:: shell

   pytest --co -k 'cocotb and runner and <name-of-cocotb-test-function>'

Running Tests
-------------

To run all tests (including cocotb and non-cocotb tests):

.. code:: shell

   pytest

To run only cocotb tests:

.. code:: shell

   pytest -k cocotb

To see output from tests in real-time, disable capture mode with the ``-s`` option or the ``--capture=no`` option:

.. code:: shell

   pytest -s

> To see more verbose information about test, add the ``-v`` option:

Author: @ktbarrett Removed `pytest` tutorial in this commit 40241d0e7961e9ca4c1b33d95886a381dcb37011

        """Define HDL design by adding HDL source files to it.

        Args:
            hdl: Fixture created by the cocotb pytest plugin, representing a HDL design.

        Returns:
            Representation of HDL design with added HDL source files.
        """
        hdl.sources = (
            # List HDL source files,
            "sample_module.sv",
        )

        # Build HDL design
        hdl.build()

        return hdl

.. currentmodule:: cocotb_tools

:py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb`
==============================

The plugin provides the marker :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` which allows
to configure all aspects of cocotb test and cocotb runner.

.. code:: python

    @pytest.mark.cocotb(timescale=("1ns", "1ps"))
    def test_dut_using_different_timescale(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Test DUT using different timescale."""
        sample_module.test()

    @pytest.mark.cocotb(timeout=(200, "ns"))
    async def test_dut_feature_with_timeout(dut) -> None:
        """Test DUT feature. It must finish within 200 nanoseconds."""

Additionally, positional arguments of :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` marker are equivalent to

> ``test_module`` argument from :py:func:`cocotb.runner.Runner.test`.

Reviewer 2: Try this.
```suggestion
``test_module`` argument from :py:meth:`.Runner.test`.
```
If that doesn't work, it's `cocotb_tools.runner`.

        """Test DUT with default top level associated with name of test file as this test function."""
        sample_module.test()

    @pytest.mark.cocotb(toplevel="sample_submodule")
    def test_dut_using_different_toplevel(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Test DUT with different top level that was set at fixture level."""
        sample_module.test()

Using the :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` marker is optional for test functions if they meet the following criteria:

* start with ``test_``
* is a coroutine function (``async def``)
* have the first positional argument name match the ``toplevel`` (such as ``dut``)

Non-``async`` functions marked with :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` are control functions run by pytest.
They can run simulations by invoking :py:func:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL.test`
or :py:func:`cocotb_tools.runner.Runner.test`.

.. code:: python

    import pytest
    from cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl import HDL

    # First, define new HDL design, add HDL source files to it and build it
    @pytest.fixture(name="sample_module")
    def sample_module_fixture(hdl: HDL) -> HDL:
        """Define new HDL design by adding HDL source files to it."""

>         hdl.toplevel = "sample_module"

Reviewer 2: So because `toplevel` is set, don't the async functions below need to use `sample_module` for their first position argument and not `dut`?

Also, does it work if there are 2+ HDL fixtures in the same test module with different tests assigned to each based on the bulleted criteria list above?

Author: @marlonjames I think it is worthy to put these above examples in `pytest.rst` documentation to make it clear :thinking:

Author: @marlonjames Thanks for pointing this out! You are correct. I have applied this change in this commit 7d5e640fd9ab20bdd993ebda06fe3a4288da6e28

So others can use it in their projects:

.. code:: python

    import pytest
    from pytest_cocotb_my_build_system import MyBuildSystem

    @pytest.mark.cocotb
    def test_sample_module(my_build_system: MyBuildSystem) -> None:
        my_build_system.build_and_run()

Configuration
=============

Thanks to :py:mod:`cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin`, cocotb can be configured in many ways.

Precedence order of configuring cocotb from the highest to the lowest priority:

1. :py:func:`cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL` attributes set at fixture or test function level
2. :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` marker used with test functions.
3. ``--cocotb-*`` command line arguments when invoking them with `pytest`_ command line interface.
4. ``COCOTB_*`` environment variables.
5. ``cocotb_*`` entries defined in various configuration files like `pyproject.toml`_ file.
6. Default values.

All available command line arguments, configuration entries and environment variables that can be
used to configure cocotb testing environment, can be listed by invoking `pytest`_ help:

.. code:: shell

    pytest --help

.. _pytest-plugin-options:

Options
=======

.. argparse::
   :module: cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin

>    :func: options_for_documentation

Reviewer 2: `:prog:` option is required https://sphinx-argparse.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#basic-usage
```suggestion
.. argparse::
   :module: cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin
   :func: options_for_documentation
   :prog: pytest
```

Additionally, positional arguments of :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` marker are equivalent to
``test_module`` argument from :py:meth:`.Runner.test`.

.. code:: python

    @pytest.mark.cocotb("test_dut_tb_1", "test_dut_tb_2")
    def test_dut_using_different_testbenches(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Use cocotb tests from ``test_dut_tb_1.py`` and ``test_dut_tb_2.py`` files to test DUT."""
        sample_module.test()

If no positional arguments were provided to :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb`,
plugin will load current Python module where :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` was used as cocotb testbench (Python file with
cocotb tests).

.. code:: python

    @pytest.mark.cocotb
    def test_dut_using_default_testbench(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Test DUT with cocotb tests defined in the same Python file as this test function."""
        sample_module.test()

    async def test_dut_feature_1(dut) -> None:
        """Test DUT feature 1."""

If ``toplevel`` argument is empty/non-set, plugin will use name of first test module but without
``test_*`` prefix or ``*_test`` suffix. For example, if test module was ``test_dut`` then

> name of HDL top level design will be ``dut``.

Reviewer 2: Let's not re-use ``dut`` here, to help differentiate from the fixture of that name.
```suggestion
``test_*`` prefix or ``*_test`` suffix. For example, if test module was ``test_design`` then
name of HDL top level design will be ``design``.
```

The :py:class:`~cocotb_tools.runner.Runner` is fully configurable by using ``--cocotb-*`` command line arguments,
configuration files like `pyproject.toml`_ or `fixture`_ arguments.

The plugin provides an :fixture:`~cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin.hdl` fixture that will create a new instance of
:py:class:`~cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl.HDL` that can be customized and then used in tests.

An example is provided below, located in a project ``conftest.py`` file:

.. code:: python

    import pytest
    from cocotb_tools.pytest.hdl import HDL

    @pytest.fixture(name="sample_module")
    def sample_module_fixture(hdl: HDL) -> HDL:
        """Define HDL design by adding HDL source files to it.

        Args:
            hdl: Fixture created by the cocotb pytest plugin, representing a HDL design.

        Returns:
            Representation of HDL design with added HDL source files.
        """
        hdl.sources = (
            # List HDL source files,
            "sample_module.sv",
        )

        # Build HDL design
        hdl.build()

        return hdl

> .. currentmodule:: cocotb_tools

Reviewer: Avoid currentmodule.

Reviewer: I think I'm going back on this. Lets just leave it be.

Author: @ktbarrett I have completely removed `.. currentmodule:: cocotb_tools` in this commit e7d863210679ba72a7315db0873d14c3193845fd

:py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb`

> ==============================

Author: I will wait for feedback about using `currentmodule` https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/pull/5090#discussion_r2508458923 that is helping to correctly resolve `@pytest.mark.cocotb_runner` to `@cocotb_tols.pytest.mark.cocotb_runner`.

Regardless of decision about using `currentmodule`, I will fix that line.

The plugin provides the marker :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` which allows
to configure all aspects of cocotb test and cocotb runner.

.. code:: python

    @pytest.mark.cocotb(timescale=("1ns", "1ps"))
    def test_dut_using_different_timescale(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Test DUT using different timescale."""
        sample_module.test()

    @pytest.mark.cocotb(timeout=(200, "ns"))
    async def test_dut_feature_with_timeout(dut) -> None:

>         """Test DUT feature. It must finish within 200 nanoseconds."""

Reviewer: These should definitely be separate decorators.

Additionally, positional arguments of :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` marker are equivalent to
``test_module`` argument from :py:meth:`.Runner.test`.

.. code:: python

    @pytest.mark.cocotb("test_dut_tb_1", "test_dut_tb_2")
    def test_dut_using_different_testbenches(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Use cocotb tests from ``test_dut_tb_1.py`` and ``test_dut_tb_2.py`` files to test DUT."""

>         sample_module.test()

Reviewer: Does this mean that the following mark will only apply to tests in those modules? I might mention that explicitly.

Author: I will try to rephrase that. Following mark is telling plugin that `test_dut_using_different_testbenches` function will load `test_dut_tb_1` and `test_dut_tb_2` test modules.

plugin will load current Python module where :py:deco:`pytest.mark.cocotb` was used as cocotb testbench (Python file with
cocotb tests).

.. code:: python

    @pytest.mark.cocotb
    def test_dut_using_default_testbench(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Test DUT with cocotb tests defined in the same Python file as this test function."""
        sample_module.test()

    async def test_dut_feature_1(dut) -> None:
        """Test DUT feature 1."""

If ``toplevel`` argument is empty/non-set, plugin will use name of first test module but without
``test_*`` prefix or ``*_test`` suffix. For example, if test module was ``test_design`` then
name of HDL top level design will be ``design``.

.. code:: python

    @pytest.mark.cocotb
    def test_dut_using_default_toplevel(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Test DUT with default top level associated with name of test file as this test function."""
        sample_module.test()

    @pytest.mark.cocotb(toplevel="sample_submodule")
    def test_dut_using_different_toplevel(sample_module: HDL) -> None:
        """Test DUT with different top level that was set at fixture level."""

>         sample_module.test()

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this. In many simulators the build is built for only the given toplevel, so `sample_module` is the build and the toplevel and it shouldn't be reassigned or guessed, etc. This feature should be removed.

Author: This is a side-effect of generic for-loop in `HDL` constructor that is assigning marker named arguments to `HDL` attributes that are passed to `Runner`. I will re-factor that and use:

```python
class HDL:
    def __init__(self, request: pytest.FixtureRequest) -> None:
        marker = request.node.get_closest_marker("cocotb_runner")

        self.verbose: bool = marker.kwargs.get("verbose", False)
        ...
```

This will allow avoid that. And I will also update docstring for `@pytest.mark.cocotb_runner` marker + `pytest.rst` documentation.
